who hurt you so bad that there is no way
to apologize for what they did there's
no way to fix that hurt where did you
learn in the core of your being that
there are some wounds that will never be
healed
so sky tell me a little bit about first
of all thank you for coming on and so
tell me a little bit about what we're
talking about today and how twitch at
and I can help you if anything what are
you talking about today
well I honestly don't even really know
because I you know I I guess depression
sucks right like everybody kind of feels
that and anxiety is terrible sure um
there isn't anything really like
specific I guess I wouldn't really even
know what to target okay fine
um is it okay so we exchanged a couple
of DMS with you and and is it okay if I
share some of those because I think that
may give us a direction yeah okay yes
you kind of said like hey like I have
maybe some depression or anxiety but but
I even feel like the problems are like
unfixable there's something about this
that like that's impossible to be fixed
right and I think a lot of people feel
that way so if it's okay with you can we
just start there sure what do you think
is unfixable yeah go for it sorry oh
yeah also like yeah I'm a completely
open book so I won't struggle to talk
about any topic okay thank you for that
man just like you know
[Music]
I guess like I just feel that at this
point in my life that I've corrupted so
many people in my like close friend
group or my friend group in general that
the habits that I've picked up to
survive are so toxic that I don't know
if they could be like edged out of my
mind and it makes me feel like I just I
guess I'm just gonna be trashed now like
you know yeah you made it hard yes so if
it's okay with you that's what we're
gonna talk about okay because that
sounds that sounds you know way more
real than depression and anxiety right
so somewhere along the way like you've
realized that you have some kind of
toxic patterns and that they're so
ingrained they're so they're X so deeply
within you that you're [ __ ] you're Sol
yeah I am so I I actually think that I
think I might be one of the most toxic
people on earth I'm not even kidding
okay it's bad why why do you think that
can we talk about that is that okay sure
yeah yeah um well I I don't I don't
naturally like have empathy I'm not
really good at that sure and what does
that mean not being good at empathy like
I just don't like I whenever whenever I
need something from anyone no matter
what it is it's like my mind goes into
this mode where it's just like let me
get something from someone and then like
will save them later will help later but
I don't even know if I even believe that
and then I get what I need and then I'm
fine but then the aftermath is me just
feeling shitty about it later but I
don't know it's weird
well um why do you feel shitty about it
well normally I don't feel guilt for
many things not too many things like I
you know obviously I'm a person that
doesn't really live with regrets if I do
something bad it's like in that moment
that I did that being bad
it is what I wanted to do so it's hard
for me to regret it because it was like
well that was my choice that I made
there but I feel bad about it because
like all these people that they just
want to help me and then I take their
help and I just I just I just piss it
away and then I'm back in the same
problems over and over and over again
and that's why I feel like I'm
corrupting people like these people are
giving me their hearts and their minds
and sometimes their wallets and they
just there's there's no return they're
just trusting something happens and then
nothing happens how do you know that
nothing okay how do you know that
nothing happens I look at my youtube
channel and I I see like like devoid of
content and what's worse is that when I
do make content it's either half-ass or
it's me crying about something or it's
like a like a sponsored video and I'm
not really creating the thing that put
me on the platform in the first place
and then you know I'm in the same
situations because I'm not actually
making the proper changes in my life I'm
just taking what they give me just to
feel comfortable for even another week
it's not good okay sky I think um okay
I'm just gonna think for a second okay
that's fine yeah okay so let me
ask you this so you say that you're you
don't you're not empathic right so a lot
of things you just tossed out a lot and
I thank you for being an open book
because there are some things to me that
I can't put the puzzle pieces together
and I'd like your help with that
so you say that you're not empathic but
at the same time it seems very clear to
me that you feel like you're corrupting
people and you wouldn't feel that way
and like you feel like you're kind of
letting people down
Yeah right I mean big-time really like
yeah but but if you were truly not
empathic then you wouldn't have the
feeling of like disappointing people
that's that's true however I'm confused
in in myself because I don't know if I
actually care about that or rather I
know that I'm can get cancelled no I
think you care about that America
because it's so so here here's the
conflict okay so one is you take from
others and you don't live up to
expectations they invest in you and you
let them down right and then you have
some feeling because you talked about
feeling guilty but then like 30 or 60
seconds later you said I don't regret my
decisions because I acknowledge that
that's what I want in the moment and
that's what I needed I made the choice
that I made I'm gonna own up to my
choice and I don't regret it and I think
when when I put my head in the mindset
of someone like that I can imagine that
you feel like that is a lack of empathy
yes right I I would think so yeah so I
think that is actually something that
you do to protect yourself from the vast
amount of empathy that you have
damn yeah I mean I'm listening right so
let's just let's just let's go through
the daisy chain okay like we're gonna
connect the dots so dot number one is
that people are investing many people
care about me people do things for me I
ask them for things and they give me
things right that's not number one dot
number two is I feel like I'm letting
them down I feel guilty I feel like
they're giving me all this stuff and I'm
quote-unquote pissing it away okay
you
what are you feeling I'm about to get
bodied what does that mean it means
you're good and I'm pretty sure that I'm
already thinking about things a little
different so I just know that
i-i playfully think of everything in my
life as a contest it's really harmless
like if I get full from a burger I'll be
like damn that burger just bodied me or
I just got you know I got beat by the
burger right so it's like it seems in
this discussion you're gonna open me up
to a lot of things that I believe are
healthy and good which are things that I
haven't considered so in my head
playfully I'm just like I'm about to get
absolutely like my mind bout to get [ __ ]
on which is good it's a good thing I
really need to be taken down a lot of
notches and I don't think that's your
goal the same that I think that hearing
know accepting another no no you don't
need to be taken down a lot of notches
you need to be pumped up a lot of
notches ah that's okay we're gonna get
to this okay we're gonna get to it okay
okay so you take from other people you
feel guilty for taking because you piss
away what they give you and then that
hurts
right yes yeah does it
yeah yeah does I mean especially with
like some of the people being really
important to me if they'd like yeah yeah
yeah so if it hurts that means you're
empathic actually all right yeah so so
then comes the protection so this is
where you get the idea that you're not
empathic because then your mind tries to
protect you it steps in and says you
know what this hurts so I don't regret
my decisions because if I don't regret
my decisions that I don't have to feel
hurt
like they're a bunch of suckers like
they know I don't deliver
and they give anyway and so like that's
on them like I make my choices I live by
it I'm transparent with them they know
what they're getting themselves into is
that what you tell yourself I don't I
don't think that they're I don't think
that they're suckers I think in the
moment that I take their help I really
do believe that I can make a change and
make a difference but then the feeling
fades like before I go to bed and then
it's just the same cycle of okay it's
not channeling so so apologies if I over
spoke there maybe not that the doctors
well but that you know there's a certain
amount of like if you tell yourself that
you don't regret your decisions then
like if you if you do away with regret
like guilt goes with it
does that make sense yes so like when
you tell yourself that then it's like ah
I don't have to feel guilty because like
this is just who I am and then and then
like that I mean I I think you're
actually deeply empathic and I think
you're very worried about what you're
doing to people because you use the word
corrupt
like you feel like you're like that's
not a sociopath doesn't think that
they're corrupting anyone they just
don't give a [ __ ] right
like you're concerned of you're
concerned about what you're doing to
people
yes
[Music]
I am definitely concerned
yeah I mean I guess that just I just I'm
thinking about this a lot so take your
time never really I think the only the
only reason why I keep I was like
diagnosed with antisocial disorder when
I was 15 and so ever since then I've
kind of had this ideas like okay well
I'm defective so and many of the things
I think about are just like not normal
I can definitely level with you on the
empathy thing and I do care but I don't
know my mind is just kind of okay that's
okay we're here sky so we're gonna work
through that okay you need a minute no
no I'm good okay so so I think that I
can understand why someone would have
diagnosed you they wouldn't have
diagnosed you with antisocial
personality disorder would've been
conduct disorder if you're 15 but I
think that there's a part of you that
feels like you take advantage of people
and that you manipulate people oh I mean
I know it yeah so so I think that's
that's what people think of that makes
you kind of antisocial or like
sociopathic because you take advantage
of other people and then you have the
best of intentions and you wake up the
next day and you don't honor your thing
so that's kind of like where the
antisocial kind of stuff comes okay yeah
I have the best of intentions for what
I'm preserving like what that's that it
means that like like I've been the
lifestyle I live is what requires all
this help which is a lifestyle of using
what now little money I have to support
all of my best friends living with me
and so it's like I've done that ever
since the beginning of YouTube even a
little before I worked like three jobs
because I don't actually spend a lot of
money on myself so I figured that you
know when YouTube first started for me
and I was making a decent amount of
money besides giving it to my mom I was
like oh let's get a place like you guys
are my friends and I don't want to live
with strangers and this is fun
um but then of course like when you just
baby them and you give them a bunch of
stuff and you pay for all their bills
they don't learn to grow and then
eventually if I get depressed they can't
help me so other people that I've met
through my field would reach out and
help but I would never really be honest
about what they were helping which was
again this terrible idea of giving my
friends everything and bringing them
with me everywhere yeah so now so let so
sky that actually makes a lot of sense
and we're gonna get into that in a
second but the first thing is I'm gonna
ask you when so when you think about
someone who works three jobs and
supports all of their best friends do
you think that that person is lacks
empathy and takes advantage of people um
I only feel that way because of what I
get out of it it's like I'm not doing I
don't think that I'm doing it for their
health because if I was doing it for
their health I feel like I would have
motivated them to be better and do more
things okay rather like more like okay I
don't really want to be in a house by
myself because I don't know how that
would be so let me just fill it with
people that I'm familiar with
so what are you looking for there I mean
at this point I don't even know I think
I think right now it's like I have no
idea what I'm looking so sky let me ask
you something
when did you learn that you are you
disappoint other people god damn I'm
okay
geez probably when I was nine
yeah that's when I knew I was a semen
demon as soon as I knew I was gay I was
like that's it like I'm my family how my
man is Indian like Guyanese and my dad
is black and he'd be like if you're gay
you can not lay with another man here
before he knew that any of us was gay so
it was like well there's step 1 and then
I don't know what I'd be a dog you know
so yes you know I want to be a comedian
that I would go to school just look like
that yeah so I think this is important
because the common thread and like I
wish I could like rewind on twitch and
show you this but the common thread and
I started like framing questions like
this is it's all about not living up to
expectations so you take from others and
you assume it's like axiomatic for you
like you accept it as true that you're
gonna let them down like what actually
tears you up inside is that you're
letting people down that like people are
donating to your YouTube channel but
you're just creating this shitty
sponsored content that like aren't even
though you stream every day and you're
actually still making content and they
keep on supporting you you just get
confused because you're just letting
them down over and over and over again
and you're taking advantage of them and
you're corrupting them because why are
they investing in you and you're just
letting them down and they're just gonna
get let down and like why don't they
stop and run away from you from your
like corrupting influence because all
you are is a disappointment
yes oh my god yeah that write that on my
gravestone so that feeling comes from
before all of this like this is very
important to understand Skype that truth
it feels a truth to you that you're just
you're just disappointment you're
disappointment walking around right like
that truth is colors everything all of
this evidence that is being thrown your
way where people are saying sky we like
you we love you like so I rated you the
other day and I was watching your stream
this [ __ ] phenomenal man no it was it
was great like people loved you you're a
likable guy and and like you just can't
sit with that that thought
it and you want these people to come and
you like you open your home to them
because like you you want them to like
not be disappointed by you yes I I see
my patterns of what I do and it's like I
now now unfortunately right because the
pattern keeps going no matter how good
you are there's going to be diminishing
returns if you keep trying to come back
to content and then leave so like
obviously I'm sure that you've heard
this a lot but when it comes to
viewership be it on stream or on YouTube
whatever you do it is so hard to like
fight off the feeling that you're just a
dying artist and a lot of people that
they if they fall off or their career
goes sour I believe that many people
might not understand what happened but
the worst thing for me is that I know
what happened I know why it happened I I
know why it happened to right so here's
why it happened because you disappointed
people because you didn't live up to
expectations you weren't good and I
didn't yeah true by not coming back and
just always saying I'm gonna come back
and then I don't like but but so the
that's the things guys so I want you to
like really like stop and think about
this for a second okay
because you have this presumption at the
beginning you have this cheat sheet
which says the answer is that sky is
going to disappoint
you've jumped to the ant-like you know
like you've watched the climax of the
movie like you've watched the end the
big reveal is that Skyy disappoints
and and so I think the biggest problem
you say you need to get knocked down a
couple of notches no man like I think
you need to understand that you have
value in that you don't like sure at
times all human beings disappoint other
human beings but twitch is actually very
good at sniffing out [ __ ] and if if
what they see in you is not the act that
you make because I know like I I think
that your authentic
I don't really have a persona yeah and
so but somewhere along the way like you
recognize that you're not your authentic
on stream and at the same time like you
don't think you're good enough when
everyone is telling you that you are
well because there's there's definitely
like there's I guess it's not it's not
tangible there's ways that we can
determine whether someone is a powerful
content creator or not by way of their
numbers and what they're pulling and who
they're entertaining like yeah I'm that
could be really good but if I'm used to
get you know like 7 9 K streams on
average and now I'm down to like 1.3 and
it's like Scott but yeah okay so like
that's fine so the the the assault on
your ego from not being as big as you
once were is actually is completely
there but I think that that is a
separate issue from the basic idea that
you do not feel like you can live up to
expectations well yeah I mean people
have given me so much [ __ ] that it's
like well that'd be Donald Glover or
else what do you mean by give get have
given you so much [ __ ] I mean I've been
gifted and granted so much to just
survive that you know if all these
people are going out of their way to
help me in the ways that they have they
must believe in me in a way that I don't
in myself so it's like [ __ ] like that's
the problem because when they look at
you they believe when I look at you I
believe I believe I don't get right and
you just don't get that but this is cool
because just think about this first
the second sky your problem is not that
you don't create good content or that
other people don't believe in you
because like how can they believe in you
they can only believe in you because
they see something like they don't just
walk down the street and they're like oh
there's some random guy let's choose
like I choose to believe in here no they
see something and their judges right
like twitch twitch is like very
judgmental and they know what they like
and they know what they don't like and
sometimes people try to minute
like twitch and twitch doesn't respond
well to that and they see something of
value they see something of real value
which is why they keep coming back the
problem here is that like your success
or failure has nothing to do with I mean
on a very objective sense of course that
has something to do with your viewership
and all that stuff but like I don't the
core of your problem is that somewhere
along the way you decided or you learned
that you can't live up to expectations
in that your core you're a [ __ ]
disappointment and until that goes away
the cool thing is if that can change all
of your corruption all of your negative
patterns they all stem from that
so
corruption is only that I feel that I'll
disappoint the people that believe in
what I can do sort of so I think the
corruption is that like people are
investing in you and they're gonna be
hurt by it that there's no way that you
can you can give them what they deserve
yeah and so their lives and their left
tainted because they made the mistake to
invest in something that is not worth
investing it in something that's always
going to come up short
and so they're hurt by association right
I mean and and and you know I don't even
know if they think that it'll ever be a
mistake
yes so good because it's not about them
sky it's about you they don't know they
don't even know that they're getting
corrupted right they don't even know
that they're like like you know they're
getting corrupted they may not they have
no clue and that's what makes you guilty
that's where the guilt comes from
because you're hurting them and they
don't realize it and they keep coming
back
and they keep supporting you and you're
hurting them and they keep coming back
like a dog that's been kicked they
[ __ ] keep coming back and you keep
kicking away
damn you gotta bring up the kick dog
except the ones that don't come back
sure so I mean there there's a whole
very real angle of like twitch streamers
and like you know sighs and subscribers
but at the end of the day I think this
all comes down to this like basic idea
that you have in your head that you're
inevitably going to disappoint
yeah um to give you a specific example I
guess something that I notice about my
youtube channel is that I have a very I
had a very very unique rise I guess in
that my channel it never blew up like
the most subs I've ever gotten in one
month was 40,000 right and of course to
people like oh yeah blow up great but it
never went over that but I made videos
every Friday and you know for three
years I was consistent and I got to 900k
and everything was whatever however
along the way there have been channels
that actually blew up the people that
are getting 200k subs a day right and
there and they're straight to a million
and there are superstars which at first
I was jealous but that at the same time
I was happy with what I had but it is
hard to believe that you're destined for
something great when you just see people
blow up in the ways that they do and
it's like oh well my blog wasn't like
that in fact my blow-up was rather slow
does this mean that I'm just slowly
approaching you know above mediocrity
like I don't know it was it was really
really hard to understand why I wasn't
why I didn't get that treatment ever I
guess
okay so sky great point so I want to
point something out to you so it's my
belief that there is the development of
this belief about yourself right which
apparently happened when you were 9 and
then there are all of the consequences
of that belief and the way that you deal
with those right so for example like
there's the feeling guilty because
you're not empathic and you're letting
people down and then there's the
protective mechanism or the response in
your mind which is that you tell
yourself that you don't regret your
decisions do you see how like there's
like a cause and there's an effect
there's like a start and there's an end
and so I think all the stuff about
YouTube is all like responses to the
complex with which you view the world
you have a lens and then all the stuff
on YouTube because I think that's all
legitimate like you can feel you know
insufficient when you compare yourself
to meteoric Rises of other youtubers and
things
I think though all those feelings are
really legitimate but I think if you
want it you're saying that there's
something fundamental about you that's
unfixable I don't think that that thing
I don't think the root of that thing is
that you're not as successful of a
youtuber is like other youtubers I think
the root of that thing is wherever you
got this idea that like you can't live
up to expectations in it and so that if
you want your patterns to change you've
got to get to the bottom of that so tell
me about gogo I don't know where to
start with that oh yeah no yes you do
because we already know where to start
with that tell me about being nine oh
God being nine oh my god there's a kid
named Travis Barrios they got he choked
out a guy named Joey Dimas and everybody
was freaking out and I just wanted to
bang him like I have no idea what I was
thinking but it was crazy like that nine
to me that was that that was the truth
like I it was a of course you know I'm
telling myself I'm not gay but then
again you know I'm just walking around a
cockney is and I I did pretty well in
school at that time once I realized I
was gay I was like well I'm not gonna
get anywhere unless straight A's and I
never I have to leave that as soon as
possible
[Music]
and I had a lot of like friends normal
friends everything was fine the only
thing that was difficult was you know
home life with my family like moving
back and forth and their divorce and
their drama but if there's one thing my
dad and mom kind of agreed on
individually is like being gay well that
might not be okay like that was hard to
kind of maneuver and then and then when
I was around I think 11 my brother
literally read my sister's diary found
out she was a lesbian and then outed her
so now yeah so now I'm like god damn NIC
like that made a lot a lot of things
harder for me because of course she's
getting chewed out and I'm just like how
could you Alex like how could you even
be that but of course I'm not telling
her this I'm just thinking in my mind
alex is your sister your brother yes my
sister my brother's name is Nick he's
the worst person so yes okay yes
oh go on so I mean I'm just you know I
think Skyy you do a you're a fantastic
storyteller and I think you know you you
talk about things in a very kind of
larger-than-life sort of way and it
sounds funny like you make it sound
funny and I found myself like enjoying
that story like right thank you yeah but
that's not an enjoyable story that story
is [ __ ] awful it's pretty bad yeah it
gets it I mean it's actually it's
actually really really really bad but
why do you think it's why are you able
to talk about it in a way that's funny
like does it hurt talk about it
now at this point now like okay it's
it's annoying like I mean I it's
annoying and it is actually genuinely
[ __ ] up beyond belief I'm not even
kidding but yeah have you said this
before by the way um
yeah when I was 15 okay this is Lady I
we just kept playing this stick game and
you have to like put the sticks on your
hand and then you drop him and you can
only pick out a certain colour the [ __ ]
is that I don't know I mean she she was
nice she would use that to ask me about
home life while I was trying to pick up
a green stick I thought she was cheating
but and then she would talk about like
my stepdad and all those problems and
[ __ ] like but that you know that only
lasted like maybe a year and a half then
I thought there I start therapy again or
my mom made me do it when I was like 19
and then now I'm 29 and you're here just
to be clear this is not therapy sure
right we're just chatting this is just
chatting on Twitch
this is just chatting that's not fair
so but I just want to so in a lot of
ways sky it seems like you've grown and
you've moved past this and you've become
caught become confident in the person
that you are like that's that's what I'm
getting from you now that's a great
thing to hear I would say that I've I've
moved past it but the damage that's been
done is just irreversible and so it's
like yeah so I agree that you've moved
past it I agree that the damage has not
been repaired
I don't think it's irreversible I think
it's completely logical for you to think
it's irreversible right because you
moved past it without fixing it did you
watch the last interview a little bit of
it okay so I don't think it's
irreversible I just don't think you've
tried to fix it in the right way because
what you've done is you've moved past it
instead of fixing it you moved on with
your life with ever actually addressing
the underlying issue and unless you've
tried to do that huh sorry it's really
bad though okay do you want it I mean I
can I can tell you I'm only warning like
even your viewers I actually don't even
I should really get your page open you
know what actually I think that I didn't
open your Twitter page because I was
absolutely terrified of chat but I
horrified actually I just I can't even -
I was gonna be fragile but anyway I I
usually give a trigger warning because
it's that bad so I was like I don't mind
talking about it I'm asking you though
like I can tell you but it's bad so so
let me okay let me so thank you for
being cautionary I really appreciate
that I actually don't know how to
navigate this kind of situation but let
me actually first ask you this or you
said you were afraid of being fragile
[ __ ] yes
damnit what do you mean by pharrell
begin
ah cuz like you know everybody's like
saying [ __ ] like oh you know um man up
toughen up like don't let them like get
thicker skin like you don't you don't
have to care people think I care about
what everyone thinks I don't care who
you are you could be an infant if you
don't like me it hurts so it was like I
and I'm not gonna lie to people like on
Twitter I'll be like ya know I care
people that hate me I'll tweet at them
would be like hey let's talk even if it
hurts I want to learn something that's
my genuine approach so in twitch chat is
like twitch that the culture I'm sure
you're aware to me I love Twitter yet
you're older because they make me laugh
but damn they could be vicious if you
are not on your [ __ ] if they don't like
you they will let you know and they will
dig in your soul and I figured that like
just for now I'm gonna just pretend that
I'm talking to you privately yeah so
Skyy what what are you afraid of them
seeing with you being fragile Oh [ __ ]
anything mister mr. Potatohead people
call me that what is that like a line
with me a lot of words they they could
say anything like literally anything
even if it's like neutral and I'll feel
odd are you sensitive are you being
fragile I think so yeah yeah I mean how
does it feel shitty in what ways I'm
also six five like I'm a big ass [ __ ]
like I'm huge so it's weird for me to be
like especially like an in person oh I'm
looked at as someone like oh walk me to
my car you know protect me from the
muggers and the rapist and I'm like I'm
I'm walking and I'm like well I hope we
don't get mugged or a plate I'm just as
scared if not more so and I will throw
you to the assailant I'll run away so
being that fragile like is not good for
people to know which is why I'm saying
in here on your stream run of all of
these people yeah but I mean so so I
don't think you come across as fragile
what a good good form even I I
definitely am so what so what is someone
who's fragile feel like look like let's
start there me yeah do you think they
smiled I think that they they will use
mechanisms that are paper-thin that what
you're doing I don't know ma'am I I feel
like maybe but I also oh I don't think
they're paper-thin oh but I think you
are using mechanisms right so I think
you laugh a lot and you come across as
confident yeah that's fine laughing I
think you laugh when you become
uncomfortable about things and it sounds
like that's actually a winning strategy
because you've sort of figured out that
every time you're on stream you're
[ __ ] terrified and you're anxious it
sounds like and that brings out after
which twitchchat loves i actually don't
think that i'm i'm never uncomfortable
like i always feel really good about
everything like everything i do when it
comes to especially with people like
i've never been shy currently in this
discussion right here like I'm not
particularly uncomfortable I wouldn't
say incredible it's more like I'm I'm
curious to see like where it goes and
I'm anxious for the result but I mean I
feel personally totally fine of course
now that is in contrast for let's say
the twitch chat was just lighten my ass
up and I'm looking at the chat if it was
here then that would bring the
uncomfortability cuz it's like damn but
currently I'm completely fine and yes I
do smile and laugh a lot about it you're
right about literally everything good or
bad in my group of my best friends we
all have a you know it's like three
three people that I live with her or my
genuine best friends great people that I
feel nothing negative about and we have
a lot of bad things that happened to us
but we joke about it like it was nothing
and we love it we don't feel any pain or
anything that's the way that I conduct
myself doesn't work for other people but
yeah so I mean I think sky
fortunately our unfortunately you know I
think for you to be
to be fixed I think you've gotta move a
little bit past the humor oh right so I
I think that like it sounds like stuff
really bad happened growing up oh yes
and and since it and there's just it's
weird like I don't know how else to
describe this but you have you know you
have this persona where like you give us
all these disclaimers and stuff and
trigger warnings and so like to me that
actually feels like misdirection like I
don't doubt that there's legitimacy to
it but like the the phrase that I latch
on to that gets you to pause and
actually makes you feel a little bit
uncomfortable is like
mentioning that you could be fragile
it's not talking about all the bad [ __ ]
that happened to you because there's
something like you've learned how to
view that in a particular way your view
of your past has become like you've
adapted to it you're resilient you've
kind of learned how to move past it
you're kind of okay with it now but I
think that that's like kind of like it's
a shell that you put over it but that's
that yeah that's why I said that it's
unfixable okay so in sometimes when you
get an infection your body forms
something called an abscess okay and an
abscess is like where you have that
infected part your body kind of like
walls off the microbes and forms like
this like sphere which has like all this
like scar tissue and [ __ ] like that and
the infection is like stuck inside and
that's a survival mechanism that your
body does to prevent the infection from
spreading the problem is that when you
have an abscess the infection is stuck
inside and so it's like running rampant
in there like nothing gets in and
nothing gets out so in order for an
abscess in order for the the infection
to truly be healed do you have any idea
what people do to an abscess right it
absolutely
right and so unless we open up the
abscess you can have an abscess well not
for years but you know you can have [ __ ]
walled off and your body's like there's
no way that's getting fixed because
we've walled it all off
and I think that's that's what you've
done because here here's what I'm
hearing from you okay that you have you
know this diagnosis of antisocial
personality disorder at the age of 15
that you have some patterns in your life
that are so intractable so unsolvable so
unfixable and that you corrupt
everything you touch
that's like a really bleak way right and
so if we think about what kind of human
can survive that it's you
it's the larger in life it's the
surrounded by friends
it's the laughing at the good and the
bad that's the only way that's the only
way you survive that [ __ ] only wait
that's your abscess and you're torn
you're torn because you feel guilty and
you don't know how to deal with those
feelings of guilt so you choose not to
regret your decisions that you tell
people you live every day without regret
yeah and you regret every day okay yeah
right right I just feel like it's kind
of I feel like I feel like sometimes
apologies are so hollow like yes I
because you can't make it right you
can't make it right because you
disappoint so you can't make yeah right
there's men I feel like I'm maybe this
is a dollar and it could be a dumb thing
to say but it's like I feel like if I do
something bad to someone it is so hard
for me to apologize because I feel
honestly that I've taken away if I do
that even though something I can't fix
if I apologize it makes me feel like I'm
taking away their bad guy and I know
that I feel about that um it might sound
weird but it's like I do feel a type of
way and I don't like the sky it but I
yeah well who who hurt you so bad that
there is no way to apologize for what
they did
oh Jesus follow the question who hurt
you so bad
that there is no way to apologize for
what they did there's no way to fix that
hurt where did you learn in the core of
your being that there are some wounds
that will never be healed
oh I have a minute yes okay okay
I'm just going to fill this with water
one second okay Jesus you were you're
good this is terrifying
take your time you also don't have to
answer no I'm gonna answer okay remember
I talked about anything I've never been
asked that question ever um okay let's
see who my my brother my mom my
stepfather and my dad and not my sister
if I were to put this in a tier list it
would be my brother up here in S Plus
tier by himself and then a critical
space and then a - tier would be my mom
and then my dad probably next to her and
then my stepdad I mean he's just he's
literal trash so whatever you can just
put him somewhere else this guy this is
important right so like I think that
so good job first of all I'm glad you
took a minute I'm glad you thought
through things yeah so I want you to
understand that like the way that you
view the world is not wrong it was
taught but like you have some
fundamental things that you think since
these things are true for you your
situation is unfixable and those things
are first of all that you disappoint and
secondly that you can hurt someone in a
way that can never be healed yeah in
that second in if that's the case so now
now we come back to the original
question right so when I asked you the
original thing what are we talking about
what is it that is unfixed what is it
that is unfixable why do you feel like
things are hopeless and now we get to it
right this is the reason because someone
not just one person but this is a lesson
that was taught to you by one person
that you love and then another person
that you love and that another person
that you love oh god yeah right so they
just rammed that into you like over and
over again that you just [ __ ] that
that there is hurt in this world that
nothing can fix and so that became truth
that became truth that became what it is
and then the world is now a place where
you are hurting people and then there's
no way to fix that you are uncurable
it's unfixable you just are gonna let
people down they're gonna invest in you
and they're gonna get corrupted like
corruption gangrene what happening oh
sorry go on
in order for that to change you've got
to start with this right you've got to
go to the root where did you how did you
learn and I mean I think it's beyond the
scope of what we can accomplish today
by oh yeah but I think this is where it
comes down to right because if you can
heal what they did to you then your
entire worldview comes tumbling down
then everything that you view about the
world is like can be rewritten
but the okay so you're you're everything
you're saying is I'm gonna assume
accurate because [ __ ] but even if I
believe that things could be fixable I
really I don't you don't believe you
don't believe that that are fixable fine
right I mean so let's just call that so
I'm gonna tell you what you actually
think which is that like in theory in
theory in theory dr. K I agree with you
but there's just no [ __ ] way you
don't know what they did to me it's not
actually fixable yeah like yeah like it
sounds but at the end of the day it's
just it's just not actually gonna happen
yeah I I feel like now it's kind of like
well just gotta try to figure out a way
to win you know while having this kind
of like baggage and I felt like it's
possible because it worked for a bit but
no I mean yes so that's the problem
right because I think if you want to win
you gotta like offload that baggage
right you gotta learn that you can be
healed and if you can be healed then you
don't have to be a corrupting influence
for others
oh I'm willing to talk about it how much
time do we have
I have a patient in about 10 minutes I
I'm happy to talk about it too it's just
in my experience sky I'm good at what I
do but this is the kind of thing that
requires more than 10 minutes or even
more than one session because it sounds
like you've had repeated insults and
it's not that I'm not willing to try or
not wanting to talk about it I just want
to set realistic expectations for like
what's gonna be accomplished okay does
that make sense yeah
like the only only thing that sucks is
that I mean and of course this is diet
it's like you have blown open my
worldview and now it's like it's like oh
well another patient got to go for it
which is fine get your own work to do
but now it's like I'm just gonna be
staring out of my overcast window like
goddamn much got bodied and I don't
never leave know what's fair enough fair
enough
so so so let me try to let me try to
let's not end here I'm not saying we
should end hmm
and and I get the sense you need to move
forward because like you said like I've
opened things up and I can't just leave
you I know you I know you can but I hear
what you're saying so so let's let's get
started right let's talk about I feel
like a whiny brat baby we got his way
like no you're you're I don't think
you're a whiny brat that that that got
your way I think you raised a very
legitimate concern which is that we
we're like halfway done and so we should
finish I've just never heard those words
out of someone's mouth like I cannot
believe you asked that god it's actually
like nuts to me like
you're really good that's yeah don't
don't mind my rambling I mind your your
rambling is Goldman and we're blurry oh
yeah yeah so tell me about your mother
so he's the s+ right so let's dive in
you want to go let's go yep tell me
about your mother
the worst human being alive one of them
um Nick
well not he wasn't always that way Nick
and I are like both extremely extremely
manipulative and we're very good at it
my brother is the more attractive one
and I'm funnier than him so like when we
were kids we just got we really ran my
aunts pockets like they was Aaron's like
we didn't care like we're trying to get
like a game we didn't steal from them
but of course like we'd just be like oh
man we would have a lot more brother
bonding time if we had that new Pokemon
League we're awful and we played a lot
of Wilder yes he's a 15 months older
okay
[Music]
had to memorize the English words he's
we're 15 months apart so that's why I
now say it
we I know Nick just sucks I can dive
into what he did is that okay
this is the trigger warning part yeah
okay reiteration of the trigger warning
everyone okay so when I was 15 a dude
came in our house and I got raped and
[Music]
it was very odd because I knew that I
was gay I was talking to this person on
AOL I knew that I was gay um he said
that he was like 17 he was actually like
40 he talks to my house and went and I
should have like thought about it more
when he asked if it was like a 2-story
home like he it was like this thing like
like trying to bait me to say like where
I live in the house but of course it was
the downstairs houses are the only room
downstairs
so when it was happening it was like my
mind was basically thinking okay well
I'm gay so I'm gonna have to like it
it was the most painful thing I've ever
on our life we know is even more [ __ ]
up though is that your body my body made
for like two seconds I enjoyed it for
two solid seconds my body put me in a
place to where this is what I wanted
that will live with me I [ __ ] hate
thinking about that but what was worse
wasn't when my brother came home when it
was done my logic was if I just don't
say or do anything and I make no noise
then he will leave and I will be able to
just keep this right so he's getting up
to leave and my brother comes home he
goes back to my room and he tries to
open the door he sees that I'm naked and
he sees those another he sends another
person in there I closed the door and I
lock it I try to distract him
the dude leave my brother goes I've been
telling my mom mom calls the cops my
brother tells the cops that I invited
someone over to get [ __ ] and that's
what happened and it's my fault the cop
pulls me aside asked me if I want to go
to a foster home my mom didn't know who
to believe
oh yeah Deanna the next day I go and get
blood test blood work my mom took the
day off work obviously who went to go do
much tests okay
[Music]
then the neck but I think it was maybe a
day after maybe two days after I went to
school cuz after the weekend and I go to
school and every single person at our
high school knows what happened oh but
they don't know the actual story they
think that I wanted it and that that
that was like like I was just a [ __ ] who
just you know went out and did all
whatever which isn't unorthodox to think
because I have in like I have in the
past out of curiosity looked at gay porn
it had been on Craigslist to try to look
for something like sure try to look for
someone but at the time I had no luck
obviously because I'm an infant but but
Nick like he knew that it wasn't he knew
that it wasn't
new but he didn't he wanted a scoop so
he
everyone in my school
I find out when I enter my class and
people are just like giggling like I'm
not even kidding like it was a [ __ ]
movie um I didn't think much of it I
just had to get through the day after I
was done I cannot believe this
I go to gamestop I go in to buy a game
and our mutual friend Alex Scott is
working and he's like oh I heard you had
a special friend last night I literally
dropped my food and my backpack and
everything cuz when he said that the
manager even looked over like they
thought it was funny and I took my mom's
I was like driving my mom's expedition
at the time cuz I you know I could drive
but my mom of course should not be in
any legal trouble even though she let me
drive alone just go ahead and just put
that out there but yeah I know then I
freaked out don't you cut now serve a
change can you guys can you guys still
hear me no hello hey yo God intervened
the power went out now I'm on my phone
it's okay though okay oh my god Oh Nik
is listening what a demon let me turn on
my camera I got it oddly coincidental
you see me yep okay okay yep go okay
yeah so I drove home as fast as I could
but honestly I was running red lights I
was I didn't care I called my mom my mom
left work she was hysterical I drove I
did not stop for anyone I was really
hoping to hit something but I didn't
and I mean I just went home and locked
myself in my room and that was that I
don't know if my brother got punished
for it but I know that whatever happened
wasn't enough because in 2000 and now
this is so [ __ ] in 2016 um my brother
I guess is having a wedding and he knows
we're not on good terms he goes on my
subreddit and he makes a thing that says
Oh will you go to my wedding now all of
my fans think that I'm okay with my
brother so they're thinking it's a sweet
gesture but Nick knows that I'm not on
good terms with it but he's just I find
out that he's working at Chili's and
he's like using like oh you look like
Skye and he's like getting some of my
fans his friends on Facebook and then
when I didn't answer his wedding
proposal he put my text messages that I
sent to him during like during like
around the time where I got away like
all of my message all my business out on
his personal Facebook okay and then he
has the audacity to begin posting [ __ ]
on my reddit which I had to take down
this [ __ ] is really out here ridiculing
me for getting raped and then that's
where a lot of things went downhill in
my life for sure my mom you know yeah go
on do it
so Skyy so let me ask you something um
is I mean have you talked here like so
you say that you and your brother aren't
on good terms is there a particular way
that when you guys like when y'all
aren't on good terms
look what does what does that like have
you talked to him about what happened
and how you feel yep
and they don't care he get it he really
doesn't care at all I'm just running off
my fan okay
he does not care at all and and I he
hasn't apologized he doesn't he
definitely doesn't seem he I mean he's
again he's never changed his stance he's
blaming me for it I'm the one that got a
rape it was me it was actually not rape
because it was consensual so it's like
he hasn't even left that at all and he
would like try to get a hold of me by he
took my one of my videos and had my dad
and mom like mime it one second Scott
[Music]
this it really is in my head he's I'm
the fan okay so sky I think that uh I I
think that the challenge here is that so
I I mean I think that this has this has
to be and you you sort of have made your
peace with the situation to the extent
that you can right yeah I mean it we
just went out just cut out hello oh I
can't hear you
hello friend yep there we go you hear me
yeah so I I mean this guy I think
unfortunately I can't know I mean I
think it's just gonna be challenging
because I think this is just I mean I
recognize what you're going through and
I feel confident that you can get better
and I think this is where it starts but
like there's just no way that you know
the first thing that I can offer you is
that I do think you can get better and
if you've never seen your life in this
way let you have these patterns that
those patterns come from a place right
and they come from something terrible
that happened to you and if you can
understand where a pattern comes from
you can gain
control over it okay and and so this is
something that that's very important to
understand so the Yogi's in ancient
India said that awareness precedes
control and that like when I work with
people who have addictions or trauma or
things like that like there was a you
know kind of a I guess a you know far
less severe stream than what we're
talking about but it was someone on a
couple of weeks ago or a couple months
ago who's talking about why they date
the same kind of women like over and
over and over again and they don't
understand like why they keep on getting
and women getting with women that they
ultimately get bored of and then like
they want to break up with and so unless
you understand like what's going on
inside you like you have no ability to
control it right so this is what I what
I can offer you now which is gonna be
unsatisfying for which I apologize the
first is to understand that you are the
way that you are because you learned
some very important and crucial lessons
in life and as long as you're operating
under the assumption that those lessons
are true that you're going to those
lessons are gonna kind of like default
your plays are gonna set your default
mode network your default programming
when I go to the toilet and I like pull
the handle down it flushes like that's
just an assumption
so you're operating in life with certain
key assumptions that you can hurt people
and disappoint people in a way that's
never
repairable and in at the beginning what
I would say is just notice when that
thought or that feeling arises and
influences your behavior
because I think it happens not when you
accept someone's help but the next day
when your desire or your genuine
intention to pay them back or do right
by them or something like that when that
when that starts to fade I think
something of this feeling is going to
arise right there and is going to
actually become a self-fulfilling
prophecy and something about that
feeling in that hopelessness causes you
to abandon your promise
and the cool thing is if you can notice
that thing in that moment and say oh
this is the part of me like this is like
this is everything that happened when I
was 15
rearing its ugly head and telling me
that it doesn't [ __ ] matter and then
you can in that moment if you see it
right this is like so you play League of
Legends yeah yeah so there's like
there's like stealth units and League of
Legends right
yeah oh yeah yeah so so like like you
need like some kind of like vision like
you need some like detection to be able
to see the stealth thing otherwise you
can't do anything about it and so you've
been living your whole life without
detection and there's been something
that's just just running around in your
subconscious just [ __ ] everything up
yeah and so it starts with detection you
got to detect it first whether you can
tackle it whether you can kill it
whether you can stun it whatever that
comes later but the first thing is
detection
um if if I promise to be brief yeah I
only have one more thing to say you
should say it okay I just I this is this
is gonna be something that I know that
like it's not like trigger warning or
anything it is something that many
people are wondering about but there is
something that I want to share with you
because I think that I think ever since
you were talking about the
disappointment thing this is the first
thing that was in my mind I said it
sooner basically um Allah while ago I
wasn't very good friends with a content
creator of dunkey we had a falling out
with me and Leah had a falling out it's
terrible
that's by the way the example of someone
that I said someone that I lost that
pretty much was the worst thing like I
would do anything for your friend again
and I don't think it's repairable so
that's like Oh like that that
encompasses it but what I wanted to
touch on is I never knew that being
friends with someone that's so much more
popular than you I can't tell you how
many times I would get offers from
companies and jobs that you know would
give me deals that I believe would be
amazing but then they would end by
saying Oh would you mind like passing on
this to dunkey see if he wants to do it
and either I I mean obviously I'm not
gonna [ __ ] do that he has an email
and yeah I don't want to I don't want
that I don't want that relationship but
of course if he says no or even if I
send it and there's no response or I
don't you know whatever it is nine times
out of ten the deal stops that's fine
enough to happen so so I mean that
that's fine in the sense that so I'm
glad you shared that sky and I think
there's actually like another way
forward right so the main thing here for
you to change the way that you view the
world is to to dismantle this belief
that things are irreparable so whether
it's with your family or it's with
dunkey okay for you to like process that
and repair doesn't necessarily mean make
everything like like like like not like
that you guys have to be BFFs again or
that you and your brother are gonna like
retire together and like live in the
same house like that's not what repair
means right repair means that
like you're gonna engage with them
process grieve and then let go okay that
if you did donkey wrong or something bad
happened between the two of you guys
that that yeah yes so like that's so
that's that that's the thing is like
like that
that needs to be addressed right not
moved past not laughed past not kind of
like you know like even from an
egotistical sense because this is a
distraction to because when you compare
yourself to other people and you're like
oh they're better than I am or I'm worse
that's a pattern that your mind uses in
the same way that it uses laughter to
get away from the real thing
okay yeah so I'd say to kind of to sum
up you know just try to notice it right
like when you're about to do the thing
that you can't control the thing that is
going to corrupt others and keep you
stuck in life stop and ask yourself what
is the thing that is stealth in my mind
that is pushing me to do this like where
am I getting this from and see now that
you know what to look for there's a
decent chance you'll be able to see it
like it's kind of like I I guess do I
agree so that's that's where we start
yeah okay no yeah so remember my brain
and and then you know what you're more
than welcome to come back on and we can
kind of talk about follow-up or you know
in more details and things like that
thank you for sharing your story thank
you for being honest yeah thank you guys
very much so guys I have to run so just
a couple of closing thoughts the first
is you know thank you all very much for
coming on Thank You sky for coming on
and you know being open and honest about
what hurts you a couple of things that I
need to remember so just a reminder that
like you know if you guys do subscribe
or donate or anything like that that
just goes to fuel our content none of it
comes to me I'm trying to help more
people like I've gotten hundreds of dm's
and emails and [ __ ] like that
and and so what I'm trying to do is
actually like train people to like do
something like what I do and we're
trying to set up we had a retreat back
in August so we're trying to actually
make as much stuff as we can free and
and if we get enough income then I don't
have to pay for everything and I can
only pay for so much and so like thank
you guys very much for subscribing
donating in terms of sky like I think I
think he's a riot and by the way I saw
your tweet about that that when it when
someone approaches you with a deal you
tweeted about that right I tweeted about
that so I mean I saw I love I love Sky's
Twitter and I you know I think your
stream is really entertaining you're
like diamond2 on law right
yeah I can't hear you anymore you mean
it but but thank you guys very much for
coming and we really appreciate your
support you guys should check out sky
stream I think it's a riot because you
know you get to see his his his funny
loveable side which even when he's
hurting he's can't help but let that
fundable I still can't hear what you're
saying so this makes it fun for all of
us but anyway yeah I don't know I'm not
meeting him he meted himself so that's
oh you didn't mute I can hear just a
little oh there it goes there cool
anyway so I gotta get going we're gonna
see on Sunday from 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
Time and good luck sky that you might
try to drop some of that detection man
subscribe to this [ __ ] right here you
are dope I can't wait to see what you do
take care of man bye bye brand bye
everybody